






1 Introduction



 This is an example of text that would
be transformed into a paragraph in
latex. Blank lines between text in the
input cause a new paragraph to be
generated. This is an example of text
that would be transformed into a
paragraph in latex. Blank lines between 
text in the input cause a new paragraph 
to be generated. This is an example of
text that would be transformed into a
paragraph in latex. Blank lines between 
text in the input cause a new paragraph 
to be generated. When the blank line

2.1 A Text Processor



 A text processor is a very useful
it allows us to develop formatted
documents that are easy to read. 

 A
text processor is a very useful tool,
since it allows us to develop formatted 


 A text processor is a very useful
tool, since it allows us to develop
formatted documents that are easy to

2.2 Legal Latex Commands



 We have seen that there are many
different Latex commands, that can be
used in many different ways. However,
sometimes, we wish to use a character to
mean itself, and override its Latex
interpretation. For example, to use
curly braces, we employ the backslash a 

2.3 Again Legal Latex Commands



 We have seen that there are many
different Latex commands, that can be
used in many different ways. However,
sometimes, we wish to use a character to
mean itself, and override its Latex
interpretation. For example, to use
curly braces, we employ the backslash a 

2.4 Yet Some More Legal Latex Commands


2 Using Latex

commands that involve begin end blocks, 
that establish an environment. These
blocks behave in a similar fashion to
begin end blocks in a programming
language, since they set a scope. We
It is important to note, even at this
early stage, that lists may be created
within lists, allowing the nesting of


 It is important to note, even at this
early stage, that lists may be created

3.1 Check this Out

commands that involve begin end blocks, 
that establish an environment. These
blocks behave in a similar fashion to
begin end blocks in a programming
language, since they set a scope. We

3.2 Check this Out Part 2

commands that involve begin end blocks, 
that establish an environment. These
blocks behave in a similar fashion to
begin end blocks in a programming
language, since they set a scope. We

3 What about this?



 When things are switched back is

4 What about this?



 When things are switched back is

5 What about this?



 When things are switched back is

6 What about this?



 When things are switched back is

7 What about this?



 When things are switched back is

8 What about this?



 When things are switched back is

9 What about this?



 When things are switched back is

10 Goes to 10! What about this?



 When things are switched back is